Coming up next is the Science Fiction Radio Show, so stay with us.
Thank you.
The Science Fiction Radio Show
The Science Fiction Radio
Show
The Science Fiction
Radio Show in order to perform Kermit singing on a log. We never had anything
that was quite that claustrophobic.
I mean, fortunately, I'm not a claustrophobic person, so I don't mind being
scrunched into a small space. But in the Muppet movie, we would very often find
ourselves in a situation where we were out in the real world, like riding in a
taxi cab, where there might be three or four of us sort of jammed underneath
where the seat would have been in a regular automobile. But since this film was
all in a fantasy world, which was designed for us to operate in, we virtually
never had that same kind of discomfort. So all of our sets were designed with
knowing that we wanted to be able to get underneath the ground or through a rock
wall. So all of it was designed with trap doors or areas that could be removed.
The design and construction by Henson's group and artist Brian Froud was quite
an interesting process also. Brian Froud would do an original sketch, and then
we would turn that, we would go to have one of our sculptors then sculpt the
figure, and then we would mock it up so that we could manipulate it. And then we
would try moving this thing, and these things moved in different ways. We would
videotape a test, and then we'd all sit around and look at the test and decide
what should be done about it. And then Brian would normally redesign the
character, and the whole process would begin again.
Jim Hanson's new movie, The Dark Crystal, is quite a remarkable achievement. Go
see for yourself.
This has been the Science Fiction Radio Show, a production of the Permian Basin
Science Fiction Association, produced in conjunction with Odessa College in
Odessa, Texas.
I've heard generations a lot about
turning on a post- U.S. Jones as well. This is the Science Fiction Radio Show, a
production of the Escritureástico is just a framнутic There are lots ofdale
documentaries that were playmakers like math. This is quite a bust. Ourree
sneakers are on a community spin standpoint at paintings, which are mainly
separate